Add usage instructions (#34)
cytechmobile/radicle-jetbrains-plugin: README.md

  Download the [latest release](https://github.com/cytechmobile/radicle-jetbrains-plugin/releases/latest) and install it manually using
  <kbd>Settings/Preferences</kbd> > <kbd>Plugins</kbd> > <kbd>⚙️</kbd> > <kbd>Install plugin from disk...</kbd>

## Usage 

### Prerequisites

* A Radicle-initialised Git repo
* The `rad` [Command Line Interface (CLI) tool](https://github.com/radicle-dev/radicle-cli) installed
* A configured Radicle identity, with `rad auth`. Follow the [Radicle CLI quick start guide](https://radicle.network/get-started.html) for more info. 

* On Windows: 

>   * Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) 2

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL) 2 (The following steps are required to be performed in your default WSL2 distribution)
```

  * Keychain 2.8.5 (e.g. with `sudo apt-get install keychain` or `sudo dnf install keychain` )

>   * Add the following line to your shell configuration (~/.bashrc or ~/.zshrc)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  * Add the following line to your bash shell configuration `~/.bashrc`
```
